docs: minor typos (#749)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/queries/about.mdx

      `getByRole('button', {name: /submit/i})`. Check the
      [list of roles](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques#Roles).
   1. `getByLabelText`: Only really good for form fields, but this is the number

>       one method to make sure that a user finds those elements, so it should be

Reviewer: it's more like "users use labels to find form fields; this method emulates that"

Author: Ah, okay!

I'll revert the changes. Are other minor changes legit?

Reviewer: The change to getByText has the same issue.

Reading through the text, though, all of the phrasing could use a little work on the grammar. Open to updates.

      your top preference.
   1. `getByPlaceholderText`:
      [A placeholder is not a substitute for a label](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/form-design-placeholders/).
      But if that's all you have, then it's better than alternatives.

>    1. `getByText`: Not useful for forms, but this is the number one method to
>       make sure that a user finds most non-interactive elements (like `div`s and
>       `span`s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. `getByText`: Outside of forms, text content is the main way users find elements.
        This method can be used to find elements without other identifying attributes,
        like divs, spans, and paragraphs.
 ```
